the star of easy the real ones all have answers to create a
alliance
mohamed are interested
while they sound more like making a pincho a montadito with black pudding and apples
we will also use bread crumbs although olive oil first we remove the
skin to blood sausage because if you can not do it when we lament the
skillet
we'll cut it into slices rather like a choir
then we will see also how
how are we going to overflow
brief as we have done and overflow the bungled
and then love the apple
and what has not been cut into very thin slices what will be the ones that we will assault
in oil
and we have them to start ambassadors
here the apple is a golden apple challenges that the apple has combined and
refresh the fat that the black pudding has
good as it has a lot of oil logically what we do is take them out
to a plate we can also use
a blotting paper
for what luck all that access tell you that you can have
and then fry the black pudding
the pandas found in a pan in the field of the arts
well we have already put the name of the bread the bread blocks of barreto on we put the
Apple
and then we will finish with the blood sausage
that this basket points digits so that it does not stay Canada and enjoy a
spike easy to make
and is that you have how rich we are
let's go over mozilla skewer with apples black pudding apple hold'em bread
grated and toasted bread
we will remove blood from the black pudding and cut slices in panama or without
brakes the blood sausage
then we peel if we cut the apple into slices and then fry them
of a slice of bread
the apple and the music
p